Human Rights Watch called out countries
that have condemned the Hamas attack on
Israel October 7th but who are silent in
holding Israel accountable for
subsequent conduct in Gaza this
reluctance is consistent with the
refusal by the United States and many
European member countries to urge an end
to the Israeli government's 16-year
unlawful closure of Gaza and to denounce
its ongoing crimes against Humanity of
apartheid and persecution against
Palestinians the world report looks at
Human Rights conditions in over 100
countries last year the report looks
extensively at Africa where according to
Human Rights Watch there's one place in
particular that is often overlooked by
the world when it comes to Human Rights
abuses and that is Sudan where thousands
of civilians have been killed the
country is in the middle of a war
between the government government and
the rapid support Forces paramilitary
Group which has Consolidated its control
over much of the darur region leaving
civilians killed others
displaced Human Rights Watch says more
attention is needed on Sudan and other
African
hotspots today we need to see Global
Leadership leveraged upon Sudan Ethiopia
the Sahel and Eastern Congo where armed
conflicts have killed thousands of
civilians in 2023 and forced
Millions from their
homes it's clear in many corners of the
world people are facing increased
repression Human Rights Watch says
governments and international
organizations need to do more to hold
those responsible accountable Gabriel
oando Al jazer New York